xorg: update xorg section (#38)
void-linux/void-docs: src/config/xorg/session-management.md

# Session and Seat Management

Session and seat management is not necessary for every setup, it is used to
provide device access on the fly for the currently active user session.

> For desktop environments like Gnome [elogind](#elogind) is necessary.

Reviewer: Not sure if "to handle user logins" is correct or useful here.

> For desktop environments like Gnome [elogind](#elogind) is necessary.

Author: I reverted this change.

## ConsoleKit2

> Install ConsoleKit2 and activate its service and make sure the `dbus` and the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Install `ConsoleKit2` and activate its service. Ensure both the `dbus` and
```

`cgmanager` services are activated too.

```
# xbps-install -S ConsoleKit2
# ln -s /etc/sv/dbus /var/service/
# ln -s /etc/sv/cgmanager /var/service/
# ln -s /etc/sv/consolekit /var/service/
```

> If you don't use a display manager or your display manager doesn't start a

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you don't use a display manager, or your display manager doesn't start a
ConsoleKit2 session on its own, you need to start a ConsoleKit2 session from your
```
Add commas around condition.

Reviewer 2: GitHub apparently won't let me suggest multi-line changes easily. This applies to both lines 20 and 21 of the diff.
